Let's review the rules,
shall we?
If you manage to hit my face
even once in battle,
we'll name you the victor.
Okay. That makes sense.
Why are they doing this?
Shy.
When this coin hits the floor,
that's when our fight begins.
Got it?
[SHY] Yes.
Momijiyama!
Don't push yourself!
Let's go!
[screams]
What, what just happened?
What's the matter?
[STARDUST]
Why're you holding back?
It's evident that you have
no idea how to punch someone.
[SHY] He, he's dodging
all my attacks.
Or rather...
[SHY]
Take that! I can't hit him!
[STARDUST]
If you want to punch someone.
This is how you do it.
[Shy coughs]
[STARDUST]
I have been called "heartless"
by many people in life.
I simply lack the ability
to empathize with people.
[STARDUST]
I am not swayed by the feelings
of those around me.
Due to that, I can put
all I have into every blow.
The pain of others
doesn't even register to me.
You however,
are an incredibly empathetic
kind of person.
You care deeply for others,
and take pity on them.
[STARDUST] And you do
everything for their sake.
That's a wonderful thing.
But it's also
what makes you weak.
It's why you fail.
Because your heart
won't allow you to win.
It rejects victory.
But why aren't any
of her attacks hitting him?
Stardust hasn't moved
since the fight started.
[UNILORD]
The Heart-shift bracelets,
do not only grant
the users strength.
They also grant them
unique powers
in response to their hearts.
Stardust's heart, for example,
cannot be swayed by anyone.
His immovable heart
controls the flow
of everything around him.
The air, energy,
even the heat in his vicinity.
All of it is under his control.
[STARDUST]
It's true, my power
is exactly that!
Do everything
to find your own power.
Otherwise, you don't stand
a chance at survival.
Get angry.
Think of why you hate me.
Imagine all the ways
to kill me.
To win,
you must wish for my death.
Or else...
I won't hesitate to kill you
where you stand.
-Teru!
-[STARDUST] Stay back!
Take one step and she loses.
[SPIRIT] You're going
way too far with this!
Going too far?
How do you mean?
[SPIRIT]
You really are the worst.
I've seen that look before.
It doesn't affect me
in the slightest.
Well now,
is this it for you then?
[STARDUST]
You're a weakling.
And you got Spirit
all riled up.
No, I won't give up.
Oh really?
[Shy groans]
Please, Unilord!
Why won't you stop him?
It's gone too far!
[UNILORD] I cannot.
[SPIRIT] Why?
[UNILORD]
Because, you see,
Shy's Heart-shift
is still active.
Huh?
[UNILORD]
And that means.
She hasn't given up.
Momijiyama! Stop this!
Let's go home!
[IKO] You don't have
to put yourself through this
just to be a hero!
I already know
how hard you've worked
to get to where you are now!
[SHY]
Koishika... wa.
Now, what do we have here?
[SHY] I didn't understand
why I said it at first.
I'll do my best.
I'll beat you!
I'm weak like you said.
I'm scared all the time,
and cry so easily.
[SHY] So, I dunno
why I said I'd beat you.
[STARDUST] What's this?
Something's different.
[SHY]
Then I remembered.
Whenever I wanted
to call it quits
or start complaining.
I would hear a voice.
It was a voice calling out
my name.
The warmth of kindness
is what sparked the flames
of bravery within me.
[gasps]
[IKO]
Flames.
Thank goodness.
If I can stand, that means
I can still fight.
[UNILORD]
It's beginning to awaken.
The true power
within Shy's heart.
Mm. Flames, huh?
I guess we get a little peek
of your powers,
after all then.
But if this is all the fire
you've got,
you should give up.
Fine.
[SHY] He's right.
I have to use my powers.
Woah!
[STARDUST] The heat
of the flames she creates
reflects her life force itself.
-How interesting.
-[screams]
[STARDUST]
She draws forth her power
in such
a straightforward manner.
[gasps]
[STARDUST]
So, flames are your power?
It doesn't suit you.
You're far too meek for it.
While, while you might be
right to a point,
I'm not that helpless because
I-I saw what just happened!
You had to dodge my flames
just now.
[SHY]
And that tells me one thing,
it means that my flames
are about to hit you!
Wait what?
You're not that stupid,
are you?
Your naiveté will ensure
your defeat.
[STARDUST]
You'll never kill anyone,
thinking like that.
[STARDUST] Eventually,
you're going to wind up
dead somewhere.
[STARDUST] Killed by someone
as heartless as I am.
We're done here.
You'll probably be
a lot happier now
that you get to quit being
a hero.
[SHY]
You're a liar.
I mean that.
Momijiyama.
[SHY] You're lying
when you say you're heartless.
You knew from the start
how fragile my heart really is.
And that's why you didn't
hold back at all.
So that I could attack you
with everything I had in me.
[SHY]
It was to make me hate you.
And if that...
if that kindness doesn't prove
you aren't heartless,
then what does?
[STARDUST]
I see.
I understand why something
felt strange before.
[SHY] That's why I need
to respond to your kindness.
With everything I've got.
[STARDUST] When I look into
this girl's eyes.
I can't find even
the faintest glimmer
of hatred in them.
Normally, when something
precious to a person is harmed,
you can see their hate.
It reflects plainly
in their eyes.
Just like with Spirit.
That's never bothered me
in the slightest.
And yet this girl...
Now, get ready!
[STARDUST] She says that
I showed her kindness?
What kind of rubbish
is she spouting?
Is this actually
making me angry?
[FEMALE VOICE 4A]
You're heartless.
[MALE VOICE 4A]
Psychopath.
[MALE VOICE 4B]
You're the devil.
[FEMALE VOICE 4B]
Hypocrite.
[MALE VOICE 4C]
You monster!
[UNILORD]
He's faltering.
Stardust's heart has never been
moved by anyone until now.
[STARDUST]
So, what if I am?
Your words mean nothing to me!
[STARDUST'S CHILDHOOD FRIEND]
Davie!
What happened to you?
You're all banged up.
[STARDUST (YOUNG)] I got jumped
by another gang of idiots.
They kept running their mouths
and going on about my being
"heartless" or whatever.
[STARDUST'S CHILDHOOD FRIEND]
Oh, that again?
Honestly, I didn't really
feel anything at all
when I was hitting them.
So, I guess
they weren't wrong about me
after all.
[STARDUST'S CHILDHOOD FRIEND]
So, you got back at them, then?
Yeah, but I got beat up
pretty good in the end.
[STARDUST'S CHILDHOOD FRIEND]
Why stoop to their level?
Huh? What do you mean?
Because...
When they called you heartless,
it made you mad, huh?
[STARDUST'S CHILDHOOD FRIEND]
But the fact that you got mad
proves you do have a heart!
[STARDUST (YOUNG)] That's
a weird way of putting it,
but sure.
See, getting angry when they
say you don't have a heart,
only goes to show that
you want to become
the kind of person
they say you're not.
Does that make sense?
[STARDUST (YOUNG)] How can
you be so sure about that?
I don't even know
what having a heart is like.
[STARDUST'S CHILDHOOD FRIEND]
I'm pretty sure there's nobody
in the world
who really understands
what it means, either.
Mm.
Oh! I've got it, Davie!
You should try to become
the nicest person
in the whole entire world!
That'd really turn
things around, don't you think?
It'd show those jerks,
and everyone else
how wrong they are about you.
Then you would be the one
getting to have the last laugh.
[chuckles] That'd be great.
[STARDUST (YOUNG)]
You're kind of messed up
in the head, too, you know.
[STARDUST'S CHILDHOOD FRIEND]
I am not!
I just like interesting things
is all!
[STARDUST] Why are those
memories coming back to me now?
[SHY] My body feels heavy.
I'm gonna pass out.
But that doesn't matter.
I have to make him see
the fire in my heart!
Because...!
[STARDUST'S CHILDHOOD FRIEND]
Become the nicest person
in the world!
[SHY]
Because I'm a hero.
-Teru! No!
-Is she all right?
Teru, why did you
push yourself so hard?
Oi, Spirit.
She doesn't have
what it takes to be a hero.
She's too naive to handle it.
She can't fight
at full strength,
even when her enemy
deserves her hatred.
She is at the mercy
of her own emotions.
That's why her power
is so unstable.
[STARDUST] She overused a power
she wasn't accustomed to,
and burned out the fire
her heart mustered.
She's too reckless
for this life.
[STARDUST] But,
I might be wrong.
And it's maybe people like her,
the naive fools of this world
that will change things
for the better.
Do you mean that?
I lost the match, by the way.
[STARDUST]
With her final blow,
she managed to hit my cheek
before her Heart-shift
came undone.
Be sure to congratulate her
for me.
I've already called a doctor
to come check on her.
Look after her.
[STARDUST]
She also thinks I'm kind.
Strange
Shy.
[SPIRIT] Thanks a lot
for earlier, Stardust.
[STARDUST] But that's not
what your eyes
are saying at all.
Just shut up.
Don't make me knock you
on your ass.
Should you really be
out here with me?
Nah, Iko's with her.
I'd just get in the way.
[SPIRIT]
I don't like your methods,
but Teru's prepared to go
into battle now,
and that's all because of you.
So, I guess I should thank you.
So, thanks. I guess.
Then, you're welcome, I guess.
But! I still hate your
stinking guts, you hear me?
[SPIRIT] You really are
the worst, you know that?
Who goes that far
against a young girl?
[chuckles]
I have to say, I'm rather fond
of the way you wear
your heart on your sleeve.
It's quite endearing.
Huh? Hey!
You're cruisin'
for a bruisin', buddy!
All right,
I'll be heading home now.
Huh? Don't you run away
from me, coward!
[SPIRIT]
Stop right there!
Huh? Where, where am I?
[LADY BLACK]
You're in the infirmary
on the hero spacecraft.
So, you finally decided
to wake up.
We finished your treatment
over two hours ago,
but you kept on sleeping
like an idiot.
And thanks to you,
your friend there
cried herself to sleep.
Um, I'm sorry.
Who are you?
Huh?
I know you're a newbie,
but you don't know who I am?
Are you stupid or something?
Stupid?
Wait. Sorry,
I think I need my glasses.
Fine, you'll recognize me
if I do the thing, right?
[Lady Black clears throat]
Even in the darkest abyss
where there's no light,
bet on Black
to be by your side.
[LADY BLACK] I am
Earth's shining black star!
The light that shines upon
the hearts of the world!
I'm the Black Cross Nurse.
I'm Lady Black!
I'll never give up on life.
Remember that.
Wow.
Don't "wow" me!
You really don't know who I am?
[SCHWARTZ]
All right, settle down.
Keep your voices down
in the sick bay.
Didn't I tell you to be nice?
Don't be stupid, Doctor!
I can't get along
with this idiot!
[SHY]
She calls people stupid a lot.
[SCHWARTZ]
Sorry about her.
Lady is all bark,
she really is a sweet girl
beneath all the yapping.
[LADY BLACK]
Don't treat me like a dog!
[SCHWARTZ]
Pay her no mind.
[SHY]
Oh, thank you.
Um, sorry, but who are you?
I've just never
seen you before.
This lively girl and I are
Black Cross Heroes.
[SHY]
Black Cross?
It's a rescue organization.
Stardust created it actually.
I'm its representative
and chief medical officer
Doctor Schwartz.
It's a pleasure.
And I'm here 'cause I'm working
as one of the nurses
for Black Cross.
I'm the one who treated
your injuries, by the way.
[LADY BLACK] Wow.
You really hadn't noticed
you didn't have
a scratch on you?
Huh? You're right!
That's amazing!
My power is "Healing".
I have a healing heart,
so I can actually save people.
Healing, huh?
Sounds like Stardust
acknowledged you
'cause of your flame powers.
But then, usually that stuff
just comes naturally
when you're working as a hero.
To put it bluntly,
you totally suck.
[LADY BLACK]
Weren't you listening?
I said Stardust
acknowledged you, dummy!
Huh? Did he really?
[sighs] Yes.
He left you a message.
He said, "Congrats, kid."
Then that means that I can
stay a hero after all.
[SHY] But I don't get it.
I wasn't even able to hit him.
Is this really okay?
[groans]
Let's get something straight.
I don't recognize you
as Japan's hero,
and at this rate, I never will!
[LADY BLACK] You shut down
after one mistake.
You can barely use
your heart's power.
And you're a crybaby!
Listen up!
Heroes are supposed to make
people feel safe
just by being around!
We should make them feel calm!
[LADY BLACK]
And what did you do?
You made an innocent girl
worry so much
she started crying!
Then you went and got yourself
knocked out in a mock battle!
Can you seriously call yourself
a hero?
Man, you're pathetic.
I couldn't care less
if you're "shy" or whatever.
I'm gonna give it
to you straight.
If you have any
sense of shame at all,
you should just quit being
a hero right now
and be done with it.
We're finished here, Doctor.
Let's just go home already.
You're right. We should go.
[sighs]
[SCHWARTZ] Lady can have
a bit of a sharp tongue.
But what she said was her way
of encouraging you.
She's really telling you
to become someone
you can be proud of.
[SCHWARTZ] We'll see you
around, young lady.
We hope your friend
feels better soon.
A hero.
Huh?
[IKO]
Are you all right?
[SHY] You're awake.
I'm sorry I got you mixed up
in all of this, Koishikawa.
It's not fair to you.
[IKO] You worked so hard today!
I was so worried!
Thank you.
[Iko weeping]
Well, I'm headed this way now.
So, I'll see ya later, okay?
Wait, Koishikawa!
[SHY] I um...
I'm so sorry for causing you
to worry about me.
[SHY] I'm weak.
And I know that.
When I think about how much
it makes everyone worry,
I feel so pathetic.
The way I am now,
I barely count as a hero.
But...
I swear
I'm going to get stronger!
That way, I'll never make you
cry like that again!
[SHY]
So, that's why...huh?
Sorry. Why?
I said
I was going to be stronger.
So, why...
Hey, here.
Please, you can use this.
[SHY] I'm sorry.
[weeping] I'm so sorry!
[IKO]
You know something, Momijiyama?
You're pretty passionate.
That must be why your
heart's power is flames.
I think it really suits you.
[SHY] But I'm not.
[IKO] Oh! I just thought
of something else!
See, when you get shy,
your face gets red.
[IKO] And it looks like
you might spit fire!
[SHY] Huh?
[Iko giggles]
[IKO]
That'd be so funny!
It would be way too perfect
if that happened, huh?
[both laugh]
[SHRIMPY]
Teru, check out the news.
[FEMALE REPORTER 1A] Next up,
we have received updates
about the riots that
occurred in China.
At around six o'clock PM JST,
an incident occurred
where a man went
on a violent rampage
throughout the city.
Multiple civilians
were injured.
[SHY] Shrimpy,
could that be...
[SHRIMPY]
Yes, this must be Stigma.
He's become more active lately.
I believe
it's a sign of things to come.
We'll need to be
even more careful now.
Mm.
[SHY] I can't forget the pain
that I went through today.
Everything that's happening
is terrifying.
But no matter what,
I have to stay strong.
If I can do that,
I can be a true hero.
-Shrimpy!
-[SHRIMPY] Huh?
I'd like some more, please!
[SHRIMPY]
Yes! That's the spirit, Teru!
[Walla: OMake Crowd cheering]